hello and welcome to my
room
I thought I 'm making my little vum
tour because I wanted you my
Show and show small cool room
That's why I would say we catch
now maybe a big one
desk how to easily recognize
can
and you can already see the first one
small feature that I have in my room
have that is this monitor wall mount
the iss attached and that has the purpose
that you have the monitor completely gone
so it looks like from the
it then here completely folded away it
just has the purpose that I at
school assignments the full
If you have desk available
on keyboard mouse also still puts away
then just the whole place more
free
behind you can now see the monitor
connections and the attachment up here
is still a small hd logitech webcam
and there you can see your cable guides
linked to my description and
You can see my little sat here
receiver as below operation still umgelegt
and now I can indeed lake
then look down here you can see one
electric heating control it too
very practical then of course here
right and left my 2.0 creative
Boxing system that a small sticker
on rain the lamp is next as part
this green power strip to the
wall is screwed so I can mine
complete hardware as my computer
a monitor and everything else pretty much
turn off at night because I too
no desire that it shines and continues
is it then here
that can be part of my writing table
And that is this switch panel that is
a self-made switch panel
carboxylic optics to that of the start button for
my pcs a switch for an external
hard disk that will come later
and the switch for my lighting
at the pc and here is then another twice
USB 3.0 are also the white of my pc
extended and tom desk goes
then it becomes relatively unspectacular
on the one hand still my at the desk
screwed headset bracket with the
logitech b 430 that's up here, too
at the switch club is plugged and there
In the back you can also get a lot of cables
from monitors so on see the here
behind the cabinet disappear to my
then right on the other side
is there a scanner and an
screwed the wall and found ii
Magnetic wall with original signature and
On this page is mine here
shelves with my computer
who's behind with the cables with the
desk is connected and I think so
just pretty cool that the here to
cabinet can be nicely lit with
Led stripes and you can then from the
switch panel on and off
may come soon another
video about it
as well as such a zeug then
buy a bit of lego on a birthday
a creation of myself comes
maybe even a video about it and
then a graphics card I me
recently the force have leading
test setup region we have in
maybe my pc will come with that
pc video even more fits together
that too from this vitrine and now
yet the right to my room
also lose in the armchair and my bed
and in the background a cool photo wallpaper
from new york and then over here
My dessert one with mobile phone and ipad
another calculator from an experiment
I find a real dc motor canvas
also pretty cool the band my
room door and then it was actually
also by again overview of
my bed I say thank you very much for
watch until next time I hope
It pleased you thumb after
up there wind is when i do
constructive criticism is always welcome
and then bye next time